>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So let's think
about what we're building here.
So we can select a project.
But we can't unselect a project.
So what if you're like, I don't really
wanna do anything with this yet.
Well think about what will you do.
Capture the click and
we would set select the project to no.
If I were thinking about this,
click, we'll just go cancel.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Notice it's not
super happy so we'll hop over here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm actually
super surprised that worked,
considering that crazy parameter soup.
So we'll go cancel,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
then what I could do is I could just
say this selectProject equals null.
But if you're going to mutate state I
think it's good to do it in a single
place.
So what I'm then going to do
instead of just manually this,
I'm going to defer this back to,
select project.
So this is strictly a preference for
me, but as I'm trying to,
it's a mutating state in adjusting
properties even presentation properties,
is that I try to isolate
those into a single place.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Maybe a simple thing.
But first of all, I think you're
calling the selectProject function,
not selectedProject.
And you're,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Thank you.
PEAR programming for the win.
Air five, okay.
>> Speaker 2: Second, I'm wondering why
you didn't just call selectProject and
pass it a null?
Maybe would that give an error or
something I'm just not seeing?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: From here?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah just make it simple.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So you could,
and that's a good question.
It's like why didn't I just
call select project directly?
So back to personal preference is
that I like code to be descriptive.
In terms of when I call this
what's going to happen.
Well you're going to cancel something,
what this also does is it sets the stage
for possibly I need to
do additional things.
And so typically if I basically
couple that action to a single thing,
then I typically cannot
extend it beyond that.
And so therefore when I click
the cancel button, I know hey,
a cancel method is being called and
so makes sense but
if I said click cancel and
also just order pizza or whatever.
There's a disconnect there, so I like to
reduce friction by when I click this, this
event that I'm calling matches up to the
action and the context of where I'm at.
More importantly, I said it allows for
additional sequencing.
That maybe I want to cancel this but
maybe I need to navigate somewhere else or
something like that.
Very good question.
Let's see if I blow this up,
isTrusted is true, wait hold on.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yeah [LAUGH],
that's why that was actually working.
I'm like,
this just doesn't make any sense.
There we go.
All right, so we've updated this.
Let's go back, there we go.
And if I go to Cancel, we're at a Null.
But again, not super duper helpful.
I think we can do better.